Adding balena Data Only Hotspots docs (#619)
helium/docs: docs/mine-hnt/data-only-guides/balena-data-only-hotspot.mdx

---
id: balena-data-only-hotspot
title: Data Only Hotspot with balena + Raspberry Pi + RAK Concentrator RAK2287
sidebar_label: balena.io + Raspberry Pi + RAK Concentrators (RAK2287)
slug: /mine-hnt/data-only-guides/balena-data-only-hotspot
---
# Data Only Hotspot Setup with balena + Raspberry Pi + RAK2287

import useBaseUrl from "@docusaurus/useBaseUrl";

> A Data Only Hotspot is asol variation of Hotspots that can participate on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Data Only Hotspot is a type of Hotspot that participates on the
```
